Plugins and perform find api (#15)
hotwax/oms-documentation: Plugins/Display app version with @hotwax-app-version-info package.md

# Display app version with @hotwax/app-version-info Package

### Overview

> The App version info package is a software package developed by HotWax Commerce that provides functionality to retrieve version information of an application. By using this package, HotWax fetches and displays the version number and other relevant details of the application, which can be useful for monitoring and displaying version information within the application's user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The App version info package is a software package developed by HotWax Commerce that provides functionality to retrieve version information of an application. Using this package helps with monitoring and displaying version information within the application's user interface for troubleshooting errors and bugs faced on certain versions of an app.
```
